docs: fix custom serving certificate SAN conflict prerequisite (#113323)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/hcp-custom-cert.adoc

 ** `tls.crt`: The certificate
 ** `tls.key`: The private key

> * If your `HostedCluster` configuration includes custom serving certificates via `spec.configuration.apiServer.servingCerts.namedCertificates`, ensure that the Subject Alternative Names (SANs) of the certificate do not conflict with the external API server address (for example, api.<cluster-name>.<domain>). `HostedCluster` automatically includes the external API address in the default KAS (Kube API Server) certificate SANs. If the same hostname appears in both the custom certificate and the auto-generated KAS certificate, the configuration will be rejected to prevent TLS serving ambiguity. This validation applies to all service publishing strategies, including LoadBalancer and NodePort. The only exception is when using AWS as the provider with Private or PublicAndPrivate endpoint access configurations, where the SAN conflict is managed by the platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If your `HostedCluster` configuration includes custom serving certificates via the `spec.configuration.apiServer.servingCerts.namedCertificates` specification, ensure that the Subject Alternative Names (SANs) of the certificate do not conflict with the external API server address; for example, `api.<cluster-name>.<domain>`.  The `HostedCluster` resource automatically includes the external API address in the default Kubernetes API server certificate SANs. If the same hostname is in both the custom certificate and the auto-generated Kubernetes API server certificate, the configuration is rejected to prevent TLS serving ambiguity. This validation applies to all service publishing strategies, including `LoadBalancer` and `NodePort`. The only exception is when you use {aws-first} as the provider with `Private` or `PublicAndPrivate` endpoint access configurations, where the platform manages the SAN conflict.
```
@dpateriya Thank you for opening this PR. I provided a suggested revision to align the wording with Red Hat style guidelines.

> * If your `HostedCluster` configuration includes custom serving certificates via the `spec.configuration.apiServer.servingCerts.namedCertificates` specification, ensure that the Subject Alternative Names (SANs) of the certificate do not conflict with the external API server address; for example, `api.<cluster-name>.<domain>`.  The `HostedCluster` resource automatically includes the external API address in the default Kubernetes API server certificate SANs. If the same hostname is in both the custom certificate and the auto-generated Kubernetes API server certificate, the configuration is rejected to prevent TLS serving ambiguity. This validation applies to all service publishing strategies, including `LoadBalancer` and `NodePort`. The only exception is when you use {aws-first} as the provider with `Private` or `PublicAndPrivate` endpoint access configurations, where the platform manages the SAN conflict.

Reviewer 2: **"external API server address"** — the new text says `api.<cluster-name>.<domain>` as an example. Confirm this matches the actual hostname pattern used in your environment (GCP vs AWS may differ slightly in the subdomain structure).

> * If your `HostedCluster` configuration includes custom serving certificates via the `spec.configuration.apiServer.servingCerts.namedCertificates` specification, ensure that the Subject Alternative Names (SANs) of the certificate do not conflict with the external API server address; for example, `api.<cluster-name>.<domain>`.  The `HostedCluster` resource automatically includes the external API address in the default Kubernetes API server certificate SANs. If the same hostname is in both the custom certificate and the auto-generated Kubernetes API server certificate, the configuration is rejected to prevent TLS serving ambiguity. This validation applies to all service publishing strategies, including `LoadBalancer` and `NodePort`. The only exception is when you use {aws-first} as the provider with `Private` or `PublicAndPrivate` endpoint access configurations, where the platform manages the SAN conflict.

Reviewer 2: **The new line 20 is very long** — it's a wall of text. The old version was too, but since this is an `.adoc` file, it might be worth to break it up into shorter sentences or use an admonition block (`NOTE:` or `WARNING:`) for the SAN conflict requirement, which is a prerequisite that users frequently miss.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If your `HostedCluster` configuration includes custom serving certificates via the `spec.configuration.apiServer.servingCerts.namedCertificates` specification, ensure that the Subject Alternative Names (SANs) of the certificate do not conflict with the external API server address. For example, depending on the hostname pattern used in your environment, the address might be in the following format: `api.<cluster-name>.<domain>`.  
+
The `HostedCluster` resource automatically includes the external API address in the default Kubernetes API server certificate SANs. If the same hostname is in both the custom certificate and the auto-generated Kubernetes API server certificate, the configuration is rejected to prevent TLS serving ambiguity. 
+
This validation applies to all service publishing strategies, including `LoadBalancer` and `NodePort`. The only exception is when you use {aws-first} as the provider with `Private` or `PublicAndPrivate` endpoint access configurations, where the platform manages the SAN conflict.
```
Provided a suggested edit to address both of @mehabhalodiya's comments.

Reviewer 2: @dpateriya, please incorporate the changes provided by Laura; it looks good. Once it is done, I can add `lgtm`. Thanks!

Author: sure
